= R.Daneel

An EventMachine+Ruby library to fetch urls following robots.txt rules.

RDaneel is built it on top of @igrigorik's *em-http-request*: http://github.com/igrigorik/em-http-request

== Features

- Support following redirects, honoring robots.txt for each host in the redirect chain.
- Support an external cache to store robots.txt
- Compatible with all options defined in em-http-request

== Install

  $ gem install rdaneel

== Examples

=== Following redirects

  require 'rdaneel'

  EM.run do
    r = RDaneel.new("http://bit.ly/cbEnpa")
    r.callback{
      puts r.http_client.response_header.status
      puts r.http_client.response[0,80]
      puts r.redirects
      puts r.uri
      EM.stop
    }
    r.errback{
      puts "should not happen"
      EM.stop
    }
    r.get(:redirects => 3)
  end

  => 200
  => <!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
  => http://bit.ly:80/cbEnpa
  => http://github.com:80/hasmanydevelopers/RDaneel


=== Denied by robots.txt

  require 'rdaneel'

  EM.run do
    r = RDaneel.new("http://github.com/hasmanydevelopers/RDaneel/tarball/v0.0.0")
    r.callback{
      puts "should not happen"
      EM.stop
    }
    r.errback{
      puts r.error
      EM.stop
    }
    r.get(:redirects => 3)
  end

  => robots denied


== Why RDaneel?

R Daneel Olivaw is a fictional robot created by Isaac Asimov - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/R._Daneel_Olivaw

== Acknowledge

To Ilya Grigorik (@igrigorik) for em-http-request lib and his support and advice.


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 has_many :developers. See LICENSE for details.

